enh(parser) multi-class in a single mode (#3081)
highlightjs/highlight.js: docs/mode-reference.rst

begin
^^^^^

- **type**: regexp or array of regexp

Regular expression starting a mode. For example a single quote for strings or two forward slashes for C-style comments.
If absent, ``begin`` defaults to a regexp that matches anything, so the mode starts immediately.

You can also pass an array when you need to individually highlight portions of the match with different classes:

::

  {
  begin: [
    /function!/,
    /\s+/,
    hljs.IDENT_RE
  ],
  className: {
    1: "keyword",
    3: "title"
  },
  }

This would highlight ``function!`` as a ``keyword`` while highlighting the name
of the function as ``title``. The space(s) between would be matched, but not
highlighted.

*Note: Internally this magic happens by wrapping each regex within it's own
capture group.  If your regexes include any groups they must all be

> non-capturing, ie:* ``(?:regex)``.

Reviewer: Is there a way to detect if a RegExp object has capture groups inside of it? If not, I feel like we should specify that using capture groups with a traditional RegExp object will __not__ work since we're only checking if `begin` is an array. Add a link to #3095?

Author: >  If not, I feel like we should specify that using capture groups with a traditional RegExp object will not work

I thought that's what it already says.  

> Add a link to #3095?

That's a great idea.

Reviewer: To me, this says that if I want to organize my regex and have groups, to always use non-capturing groups. Then it tells me that when an array is given, it will internally convert it to capturing groups for me. It doesn't tell me that I shouldn't/can't use capturing groups right now and expect this behavior.

Author: I thought about that (the necessity of array), but there are all sorts of reasons to use capture groups than multi-class... you can use capture groups as much as you want, just NOT with multi-match... 

The other problem with letting someone specify their own capture groups is you have to have ALL of them... you can't leave some content outside a group... so the array allows us to FORCE this behavior since we're in charge of the wrapping... and the more I use I think it's also kind of nice for people who like clean syntax more than pure regex.

I could take another look, but if you see the confusion could you just offer up what you think it should say? Since I plan to fix it soon anyways I'm not wanting to spend much time here.

Reviewer: Oh wait. I forgot about this one. One sec!

> *Note: Internally this magic happens by wrapping each regex within it's own
> capture group.  If your regexes include any groups they must all be
> non-capturing, ie:* ``(?:regex)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Internally, the array of regular expressions has each separate item converted
into capture groups. However, `manually adding capture groups is not yet supported <https://github.com/highlightjs/highlight.js/issues/3095>`_.
If your regexes use groups, they __must__ be non-capturing groups, i.e. ``(?:regex)``.
```

I'm bad at RST, so if there's a cleaner way of adding links, please fix it
